feat: Add User Task Restrictions on SaaS Document (#3413)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/concepts/access-control/user-task-access-restrictions.md

---
id: user-task-access-restrictions
title: "User task access restrictions"
sidebar_label: "User task access restrictions"
description: "Control the level of access a user or group has to perform tasks in the system via user task access restrictions."
---

:::caution
User task access restrictions are enabled by default on SaaS.
:::

> User task access restrictions allow you to control the level of access a [user](../../console/manage-organization/manage-users.md) or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User task access restrictions allow you to restrict access of user tasks in Tasklist to [users](../../console/manage-organization/manage-users.md) or
```

> [group](user-groups.md) has to perform BPMN user tasks where they are candidates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[groups](user-groups.md) where they are assignees or candidates.
```
